END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT
JBOSS(r) ENTERPRISE MIDDLEWARE(TM)

This end user license agreement ("EULA") governs the use of the various
software modules that collectively comprise the JBoss Enterprise Middleware
and any related updates, source code, appearance, structure and organization
(the "Programs"), regardless of the delivery mechanism.

1. License Grant. Subject to the following terms, Red Hat, Inc. ("Red Hat")
grants to you ("User") a license to the Programs pursuant to the GNU Lesser
General Public License v. 2.1 except for the following Programs: (a) JBoss
Portal Forums and JBoss Transactions, each of which is licensed pursuant to
the GNU General Public License v.2; (b) JBoss Rules, which is licensed
pursuant to the Apache License v.2.0; (c) an optional download for JBoss Cache
for the Berkeley DB for Java database, which is licensed under the (open
source) Sleepycat License (if User wishes to obtain a commercial license for
this database, it may purchase a license from Sleepycat Software); and (d) the
BPEL extension for JBoss jBPM, which is licensed under the Common Public
License v.1, and, pursuant to the OASIS BPEL4WS standard, requires parties
wishing to redistribute to enter various royalty-free patent licenses. Each of
the foregoing licenses is available at
www.opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical. The Programs are comprised of
hundreds of software components. With the exception of certain image files
identified in Section 2 below, the license agreement for each software
component is located in the software component's source code and permits User
to run, copy, modify, and redistribute (subject to certain obligations in some
cases) the software component, in both source code and binary code forms. This
agreement does not limit User's rights under, or grant User rights that
supersede, the license terms of any particular component.

2. Intellectual Property Rights. The Programs and each of their components are
owned by Red Hat and others and are protected under copyright law and under
other laws as applicable. Title to the Programs and any component, or to any
copy, modification, or merged portion shall remain with the aforementioned,
subject to the applicable license. The "JBoss" trademark, "Red Hat" trademark,
the individual Program trademarks, and the "Shadowman" logo are registered
trademarks of Red Hat and its affiliates in the U.S. and other countries. This
EULA does not permit User to distribute the Programs using Red Hat's
trademarks, regardless of whether they have been modified. User should read
the information found at http://www.redhat.com/about/corporate/trademark/
before distributing a copy of the Programs. User may make a commercial
redistribution of the Programs only if (a) a separate agreement with Red Hat
authorizing such commercial redistribution is executed or other written
permission is granted by Red Hat or (b) User must replace all Red Hat
trademarks as well as the logos identified at
http://www.jboss.com/company/logos. Merely deleting the files containing the
Red Hat trademarks and logos may corrupt the Programs.

3. Limited Warranty. Except as specifically stated in this Section 3, a
separate agreement with Red Hat, or a license for a particular component, to
the maximum extent permitted under applicable law, the Programs and the
components are provided and licensed "as is" without warranty of any kind,
expressed or implied, including the implied warranties of merchantability,
non-infringement or fitness for a particular purpose. Red Hat warrants that
the media on which Programs and the components are furnished will be free from
defects in materials and manufacture under normal use for a period of 30 days
from the date of delivery to User. Red Hat does not warrant that the functions
contained in the Programs will meet User's requirements or that the operation
of the Programs will be entirely error free, appear precisely as described in
the accompanying documentation, or comply with regulatory requirements. This
warranty extends only to the party that purchases services pertaining to the
Programs from Red Hat or a Red Hat authorized distributor.

4. Limitation of Remedies and Liability. To the maximum extent permitted by
applicable law, User's exclusive remedy under this EULA is to return any
defective media within 30 days of delivery along with a copy of User's payment
receipt and Red Hat, at its option, will replace it or refund the money paid
by User for the media. To the maximum extent permitted under applicable law,
neither Red Hat, any Red Hat authorized distributor, nor the licensor of any
component provided to User under this EULA will be liable to User for any
incidental or consequential damages, including lost profits or lost savings
arising out of the use or inability to use the Programs or any component, even
if Red Hat, such authorized distributor, or licensor has been advised of the
possibility of such damages. In no event shall Red Hat's liability, an
authorized distributor's liability or the liability of the licensor of a
component provided to User under this EULA exceed the amount that User paid to
Red Hat under this EULA during the twelve months preceding the action.

5. Export Control. As required by the laws of the United States and other
countries, User represents and warrants that it: (a) understands that the
Programs and their components are subject to export controls under the U.S.
Commerce Department's Export Administration Regulations ("EAR"); (b) is not
located in a prohibited destination country under the EAR or U.S. sanctions
regulations (currently Cuba, Iran, Iraq, North Korea, Sudan and Syria, subject
to change as posted by the United States government); (c) will not export,
re-export, or transfer the Programs to any prohibited destination or entities
on the U.S. Bureau of Industry and Security Denied Parties List or Entity
List, or the U.S. Office of Foreign Assets Control list of Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons, or any similar lists maintained by
other countries, without the necessary export license(s) or authorizations(s);
(d) will not use or transfer the Programs for use in connection with any
nuclear, chemical or biological weapons, missile technology, or military
end-uses where prohibited by an applicable arms embargo, unless authorized by
the relevant government agency individual without the necessary export
license(s) or authorizations(s) from the U.S. Government; (e) understands and
agrees that if it is in the United States and exports or transfers the
Programs to eligible end users, it will, to the extent required by EAR Section
740.17(e), submit semi-annual reports to the Commerce Department's Bureau of
Industry and Security, which include the name and address (including country)
of each transferee; and (f) understands that countries including the United
States may restrict the import, use, or export of encryption products (which
may include the Programs and the components) and agrees that it shall be
solely responsible for compliance with any such import, use, or export
restrictions.

6. Third Party Programs. Red Hat may distribute third party software programs
with the Programs that are not part of the Programs. These third party
software programs are not required to run the Programs, are provided as a
convenience to User, and are subject to their own license terms. The license
terms either accompany the third party software programs or can be viewed at
http://www.redhat.com/licenses/thirdparty/eula.html. If User does not agree to
abide by the applicable license terms for the third party software programs,
then User may not install them. If User wishes to install the third party
software programs on more than one system or transfer the programs to another
party, then User must contact the licensor of the applicable third party
software programs.

7. General. If any provision of this agreement is held to be unenforceable,
that shall not affect the enforceability of the remaining provisions. This
License Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York and
of the United States, without regard to any conflict of laws provisions. The
rights and obligations of the parties to this EULA shall not be governed by
the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.

Copyright (c) 2007 Red Hat, Inc. All rights reserved. "JBoss" and the JBoss logo
are registered trademarks of Red Hat, Inc. All other trademarks are the
property of their respective owners.
